TELCODOCS-1820: kmod changes (#74713)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kmm-observing-events.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hardware_enablement/kmm-kernel-module-management.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="kmm-observing-events_{context}"]
= Observing events

Use the following methods to view KMM events.

> .Build & sign

Author: I was thinking about that. I'll make this change.

> KMM publishes events whenever it starts a kmod image build or observes its outcome. These events are attached to `Module` objects and are available at the end of the `kubectl describe module`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KMM publishes events whenever it starts a kmod image build or observes its outcome. These events are attached to `Module` objects and are available at the end of the output of `oc describe module`:
```

Author: Changed.

> KMM publishes events whenever it starts a kmod image build or observes its outcome. These events are attached to `Module` objects and are available at the end of the output of `oc describe module`:

Author: Made this change.

[source,terminal]
----

> $> kubectl describe modules.kmm.sigs.x-k8s.io kmm-ci-a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$> oc describe modules.kmm.sigs.x-k8s.io kmm-ci-a
```

Author: Changed.

> $> oc describe modules.kmm.sigs.x-k8s.io kmm-ci-a

Author: The Dev uses the former, but the latter is more appropriate for RH docs. Changed.

[...]
Events:
  Type    Reason          Age                From  Message
  ----    ------          ----               ----  -------
  Normal  BuildCreated    2m29s              kmm   Build created for kernel 6.6.2-201.fc39.x86_64
  Normal  BuildSucceeded  63s                kmm   Build job succeeded for kernel 6.6.2-201.fc39.x86_64
  Normal  SignCreated     64s (x2 over 64s)  kmm   Sign created for kernel 6.6.2-201.fc39.x86_64
  Normal  SignSucceeded   57s                kmm   Sign job succeeded for kernel 6.6.2-201.fc39.x86_64
----

> .Module load or unload

Author: Changed.

> KMM publishes events whenever it successfully loads or unloads a kernel module on a node. These events are attached to `Node` objects and are available at the end of `kubectl describe node`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KMM publishes events whenever it successfully loads or unloads a kernel module on a node. These events are attached to `Node` objects and are available at the end of the output of `oc describe node`:
```

Author: Changed.

[source,terminal]
----

> $> kubectl describe node my-node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$> oc describe node my-node
```

Author: Changed.
